# Gemini Games

Note June 2024: This is a new area and can be considered a work in progress. I can't guarentee things work 100%! Report any issues to the email address listed in the Info section below.

## General

=> src/app/user User Page (Register Name & View History)
=> src/app/chat Message Board
=> src/app/leaderboards Leaderboards

## Games

=> src/app/wordle Wordle
=> src/app/chess Chess

## Other Services

=> src/app/flights Flights

## Info

### Client Certificates
You will need a client certificate to interact with the games here. Client certificates are like an 'ID' for recognising a user.

They can be simple enough to generate manually, for example by using solderpunk's 'gemcert', but clients like Lagrange also make this process very easy/intuitive.

=> https://git.sr.ht/~solderpunk/gemcert Gemcert on sourcehut
=> https://gmi.skyjake.fi/lagrange/ Lagrange

### Source
=> src/app/about Server Info & source code

### Issues
If you encounter any issues you can contact me at the address listed here:
=> gemini://spool-five.com/about.gmi About me

## Other Games on Gemini

I'm sure I'm missing a lot (do let me know!)

=> gemini://tilde.cafe/~stack/DicePoker/live/poker? Dice Poker
=> gemini://tilde.cafe/~spellbinding/game/cgi? Spellbinding
=> gemini://tilde.cafe/~spellbinding/wordo/cgi? Wordo
=> gemini://gemini.smallweb.space/farkle/ Farkle
=> gemini://gemi.dev/cgi-bin/witw.cgi/ Where in the world?
=> gemini://gemini.thegonz.net/wsq/  Wordsquirreler
=> gemini://gemini.thegonz.net/wt/ Wordtunneler
=> gemini://gemini.thegonz.net/gemski/ Gemski
=> gemini://gemini.thegonz.net/gk/ Gemkerkerkruip
=> gemini://gemini.thegonz.net/zyg/ Zyg
=> gemini://gemini.thegonz.net/gemgrave/ Gemgrave
=> gemini://gemini.thegonz.net/eindeutigkeit/ Metapuzzle
